Expand and clarify the `__mode` metaproperty (#1232)
Roblox/creator-docs: content/en-us/luau/metatables.md

		</tr>
	  <tr>
		  <td>`__mode`</td>

> 		  <td>A string making either all of the table's keys `"k"`, values `"v"`, or both `"kv"` weak. This means that the [garbage collector](https://www.lua.org/pil/17.html) will not count them as references, allowing them to be freed from memory when they're no longer used anywhere else. When a table entry's either key or value (as described by the string) is garbage collected, it will be removed (since one them is `nil`, or possibly both if using `"kv"`, the entry will no longer exist). Only tables, functions, `Library.buffer`s, and some [userdata](./userdata.md) are garbage collectable, other [types](./index.md#types) are not and won't be affected. Note that even if you don't explicitly hold a reference to an object in your code, the engine might still be keeping one (for example, if a Roblox `Instance` is a descendant of the `Datamodel`).</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		  <td>A string making either all of the table's keys (`"k"`), values (`"v"`), or both (`"kv"`) weak. This means that the garbage collector will not count them as references, allowing them to be freed from memory when they're no longer used anywhere else. When a table entry's key or value (as described by the string) is garbage collected, it will be removed since one them is `nil` (or possibly both if using `"kv"`) and the entry will no longer exist. Only tables, functions, `Library.buffer|buffers`, and some [userdata](./userdata.md) are garbage collectable; other [types](./index.md#types) are not and won't be affected. Note that even if you don't explicitly hold a reference to an object in your code, the engine might still be keeping one, for example if a Roblox `Class.Instance` is a descendant of the `Class.DataModel`.</td>
```
